Some suggestions for modifications and comments to the first three chapter (#1)
Andros-Spica/rub-archwiss_040468-data-management: session-git.qmd

> - *Version Management*: Version control systems assign unique identifiers (usually called “commits”) to each change. These identifiers allow users to switch between different versions of the project easily. It’s also possible to create branches for experimental features and merge them with the main project once they’re stable, facilitating smoother integration of new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Version Management*: Version control systems assign unique identifiers to each change, per commit and file changed, usually called "Git hash" or “commit hash”. A Git hash a 40-character hexadecimal string, such as 2d3acf90f35989df8f262dc50beadc4ee3ae1560, derived from the contents of the commit, including its parent commit(s), timestamp, and author details [REF]. These identifiers allow users to switch between different versions of the project easily. It’s also possible to create branches for experimental features and merge them with the main project once they’re stable, facilitating smoother integration of new features.
```

> <!-- COMMENT

Reviewer: addressed by changes above, COMMENT to be erased

- **Repository**: A storage space for your project files and their history. Repositories can be local (on your computer) or remote (on platforms like GitHub).
  

> - **Initialise**: configure a specific local directory as a local repository by creating all necessary files for Git to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Initialise**: configure a specific local directory (your "working directory") as a local repository by creating all necessary files for Git to work.
```

- Go to the repository page.  

> - Click the green "Code" button and copy the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the green "Code" button and continue the cloning process locally, using console commands (copying link) or with GitHub Desktop.
```

> <!-- COMMENT

Reviewer: Clarified the local continuation of cloning process and adding more information on forking in GitHub (another commit). COMMENT to be erased

> These folder structures are conventions and not strict rules. You can adapt or modify them based on your project's needs. 

Reviewer: There are several community-based proposals for standards, including tools that can help automate the setup of a new project directory; e.g., for a typical Data Science project using Python see [Cookiecutter Data Science](https://github.com/drivendataorg/cookiecutter-data-science).

> <!-- COMMENT

Reviewer: addressed by changes above, COMMENT to be erased
